Rewrite app (#2)
HarperDB-Add-Ons/full-page-caching: README.md

### Prerequisites

Before cloning this repository, ensure HarperDB is installed on your local machine. If it's not already installed,

> execute this in a terminal to install HarperDB."

Reviewer: ```suggestion
execute this in a terminal to install HarperDB.
```
remove extra `"` mark

## Example
    

> ***visit the following URL in the browser as an example of accessing a webpage throug hthe cache***: 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
***visit the following URL in the browser as an example of accessing a webpage through the cache***: 
```
